Update `Completionists` article (#9999)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/People/Completionists/en.md

As of September 2023, this achievement is recognised through a [profile badge](/wiki/Community/Profile_badge):

![osu!](img/osu.png?20230902 "osu! completionist badge") ![osu!taiko](img/taiko.png?20230902 "osu!taiko completionist badge") ![osu!catch](img/catch.png?20230902 "osu!catch completionist badge") ![osu!mania](img/mania.png?20230902 "osu!mania completionist badge")

## Completion criteria

> In order to be considered a completionist, a player must play every existing Ranked beatmap of a given game mode without using the [No Fail (NF) mod](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/No_Fail), nor [special mods](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier#special). This does not include converted beatmaps for [osu!taiko](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!taiko), [osu!catch](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!catch), and [osu!mania](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!mania). For osu!mania, only 4K and 7K beatmaps are considered for completion.

Reviewer: i did not get a straight answer for whether a pass or c rank is required but i'll put this here for now

```suggestion
In order to be considered a completionist, a player must pass every existing Ranked beatmap of a given game mode without using the [No Fail (NF) mod](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/No_Fail) nor any [special mods](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier#special). This does not include converted beatmaps for [osu!taiko](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!taiko), [osu!catch](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!catch), and [osu!mania](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!mania). For osu!mania, only 4K and 7K beatmaps are considered for completion.
```
